Well coming across the process of learning I came across a three main prompt that is very essential learning across agentic engineering and these are those three prompts



1. "Teach me why this architecture is chosen. Explain the trade-offs, then help me implement it step by step."


2. "Act as a senior software engineer reviewing my AI agent. Find design flaws before giving improvements."


3. "Give me hints first. Don't reveal the complete solution until I try."


LLM LLM's are highly predictable It's a Highly next word predicting Transformer model  and etc ,etc ,etc... There are some best ways to actually use LLMS in this possible Vive let me discuss some of it


1.Describe task
What do you want to practice with ChatGPT?

2. Set the goal
What should the finished response help you achieve?

3. Choose audience
Who should the output be written for?

4.Add intended use
Tell ChatGPT what the output will be used for.

5.Add specific details
Include sections, requirements, or points to cover.

Example prompt:

Help me with my practice task: I need to practice computer networking. The goal is As the final responce I need to know how computers are networks and connection to eachother. The audience is I am a learner in college learning computer networking as a sem paper. The output should help me TO use computer networking in my softer development career. Include I need to know the basics and able to think practically about computer networking. Ask me for anything important that is missing before finalizing.


Explain the task

•
Add source material or background

•
Say what good looks like


The context matter:
Chatgpt comes with three questions in common for context
1. what are you trying to do?
2. what info should charge GPT use 
3. What would good response look like?


Handle  context as you tell informations to the teammate in your team, The context should reduce GPT to guess

01
What is the task?
Provide the action you want ChatGPT to take.

02
What information should it use?
Provide background, files, sources, examples, audience, constraints, or goals.

03
What does good look like?
Provide format, tone, length, sections, criteria, or examples.

the liked prompts by me(1. tone and style:“Keep responses professional, clear, and concise. Use plain English for a global business audience.”

2. “If something is uncertain, say so clearly. Do not guess, and tell me what information would make the answer stronger.”)

